the dirt starts off with a bonnet right
side behind side with a touch we have a
left vine with a quarter turn so behind
quarter turn with the touch we have a V
stick out out back to dinner right and
left side touches right touch lift touch
right side shuffle rock back to recover
right together right look back we come
on lift side shuffle rock back we come
back recover to toe struts forward toe
toe step called a pivot touch and clap
step pivot touch with the two wall dance
so we'll do the second one from the top
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
one two three four five six seven eight
one and two three four five and six
seven eight one two three four five six
just do two walls without stopping on
the top line right with a touch and the
touch we step out together side touches
so shovel and rock shuffle and rock toe
starts before the touch and start again
fine with the touch buying children in
touch together the side touch solid
shuttle and rock shuffle and Rob Toyota
Toyota struck in touch and hope that
helps
you